what's going on YouTube dark roll mofo
here with eitan goooo and his warm deck
frou-frou so this weekend along with
Nate winning eats it also finished in
twenty first place sadly did not make
top 16 but 21st is so very damn good for
worms and he also won a win a
box tournament on inside event today
winning a box of primal origins so
congratulations to you bro how was your
tournament experience this weekend Scott
disappointing in top 16 but I guess I
had bad tiebreakers I mad about it like
I'm really glad an 810 you're sure for
sure i'll just get into the profile all
right yeah the three sexes too yay Enzo
so play the three quarter rolls and then
the one warm King never play more than
one two traffic's pretty good I played
the today I decided to play the two
hands two of each I've been played this
and get for a couple of weeks and it's
actually pretty good it's like with
worms your points that like it supposed
to attack into your face sounds
otherwise they just plus out the ass but
the hand the hand just add like some
mind game to it like you guys decide
whether to attack into it or not and
that just really helps out and then the
one Karthik I get it searchable shoot um
traps three of the best trap and then
game we draw with zags you it's
basically a free wit card like its
course the topic into late game but
resolve like one of these probably win
to it like guarantee
then the three breakthrough skills good
against most things right now especially
artifacts and I played I decided to take
out all my Emma season just like three
wiretaps because I figured I wasn't
gonna pull I'm like I don't feel like
blind spacing in the background mitran
anyway so I'm just going to gate what
Roy relevant traps they have but I feel
like it worked out a lot this weekend I
was watching Mike it's like one of the
best it wasn't the best travel
especially in words because you got to
get your place on how you one black horn
um I think I would never play more than
one black one at this point I just think
instead sometimes get some decks went
off into the snake deity pretty good
card I said I took it out and put it
back in just because it's just so good
turned it's like a curse attack for
reptiles like they go with break your
skill your car drove chain this pop too
it's like he can be amazing sometimes
and the one-dimensional person are
basically hands and sometimes bhushan
some warning what a torrent shell and
the one trap successful are very nice
spells because you forgot your spells
nothing I got the 30 dualities here
sometimes I slide out one going second I
just I think you had to play a lot of do
I all these of worms because if you
don't draw in some monsters that get you
your pluses then you're dead I mean
doesn't do anything you do all the back
you well you want but you won't be going
anywhere without those monsters and then
one mind control everything is level for
right now so really no reason any public
or deck shouldn't be playing mind
control it's just like it like it can
win you the game so much one dark hole I
like this card against most matchups
like you go first turn against heads or
something you can start hold their hands
or something after artifacts go up and
your turn you can dark hole
the hand make a play which is something
I think it's really good like the ones
little charge I mean it's it's not like
as good worms as it is not an expert say
boy it's just such a good car there I
had early one and the one book of moon
and one by Commission seventh one to
each in Gauss special yeah I told I
convinced everyone of my team to play
this country and uh they've had good
experience with I think but what you can
ribbit uh actually today like this this
weekend I don't really I dead drew
there's so many more times than I drew
resolved it resolved it maybe three
times said rear lights and some regrets
but all my teammates it really well with
it and I still like it a lot very nice
cider extra whatever you want i gather
at sucking the feral imps yep the Omega
going into m7i mind-controlled up ladies
today and like they announced a bag I
just went like that was just game and
then the best Weller the 101 c101 just
good offering cooked buckhorn Gorgon you
go store next time like flagship knife
late I decided to play rap sleep oh
really and surprisingly I got off a lot
sometimes going off sole charge you
can't say you have literally nothing
better to do than going to decide upon
your monsters and warm yet glog games
against Boutin's and lights horns so I
like that card for now Harlan Draco for
attacking the game I mean I did attack
for game with it but like we have black
shipping cowboy to so right it's uh it's
kind of like Whitmore sometimes region
tsukiyomi the skirt throat yeah it's
like a pot of greed like so that lens is
one of the best things go into off sole
charge shubh you can draw two more head
up one guy here cowboys and the one reg
is nice alright son all right
put aside I got to maxies for the Bernie
manship and myrrh nomination mostly I
sometimes sizes can hear ya I felt like
they special something a lot like they
weren't smart enough to not special
something right up to ms tease the back
road x3 rivalries good against patel
change i was your arms constant there's
a lot of stuff definitely want me a lot
i played against to madolche decks this
weekend and I be both of them because of
this card one needle ceiling this card
was amazing in my final round give me a
player I played against to try to attack
for game have put Neil ceiling hit all
four of his monsters while he's about to
otk me one nobleman for the gig a metro
and hands dimensional fissure I'll ask
to travel for the gig a mash-up
searchable off my tribe trips monsters
and it makes the armor miss time you so
I just recently found out this second it
was just so amazing like I had to play
it I felt like I had a hard time against
fujin so I cited the two DNA surgeries I
can't sidelight prison Mac like macro
and Fisher just hurt me as much as it
hurts them sorry DNA surgery like I
think it'd be good against that and also
maybe spell books noble nice the one
black born for the your game and chips I
want the bumper almost every match ups
like hands in general
alright man we'll congratulations on a
very successful weekend to you to you to
make sure the light comes described as
always guys dark roll no fill out peace